

=Introduction=
Torrent is a game of strategic social interactions. Not only do you need your team 
to conquer the world by defeating your opponents, but you need to ensure that your
teammates remain loyal to each other - and to you!

Each team represents a country, complete with its own military (armies, navies, and air forces),
state department, press, spy agencies, treaties, infrastructures, populations, etc. Each player on a team
takes a high level government role (executive, general, etc.). Each player will prove their
metal at both international diplomacy with other teams, and domestic politics with their
own teammates.



=Team=
When you create a team, you decide its form of government. The form of government
will decide what powers each player on the team will have in their respective roles.

For example, in a Republic, the leader holds the title President and has powers 
defined by that form of government.

In a Monarchy, the leader holds the title King or Queen, and holds greater powers than a President. 

In a Democracy, there are no leaders; rather, each player on the team has a vote with the winning
vote binding each player to a course of action, a policy, or some other outcome.

In an Anarchy, no one has a vote, and there are no leaders. Each player decides for themselves
what they wish to do to further their team's objectives. While they communicate with each other
frequently, they answer to no one.

==Forming Your Team==
To enter a game (you must first start a game), you need to create a team by defining its
form of government, then invite your friends to join. Typically, the person to create
a team will take the leadership role for themselves and ask friends to join to assume
the roles of generals, admirals, ambassadors, spies, and so forth.


=Roles=
First order of business is typically define the form of government you want to form (you want
your team to operate as), followed by defining the roles that you want to fill, such as an
admiral if you want a naval carrier group, an air force general if you want a bomber wing,
a spy master if you want a spy agency, and so forth.

===President===
The President is the executive leader and civilian commander in chief of a Republic. He issues
commands to all other team players as he sets both domestic and foreign policies. He has the
power to hire any person into any role (invite a teammate) and to fire any person (remove from
the team) at any time without cause. So long as he is President, he literally owns the team - yet,
he cannot directly control any military assets on his team. For that he must trust his teammates
to follow his orders. If any teammate refuses a presidential order, the only recourse available
to the President is to fire the insubordinate teammate.

This relationship between the President and his teammates creates a tension in the game, where
the President must demonstrate effective leadership to the world while at the same time not
having any direct control over his military and taking into consideration the advice of his
teammates lest they overthrow their president either through impeachment or a military coup.

===Monarch===
The Monarch is very similar to a President, except that the Monarch cannot be impeached,
a military coup leads to a dictatorship form of government for the team.

===Dictator===
The Dictator is like the President, but cannot be impeached and has more influence over 
the military. However, the bar for a coup is much lower, making the Dictator more easily
toppled by a single player.

===Anarchist===
An Anarchist is equal before his teammates. They are never able to order their teammates to
do anything, and cannot be ordered themselves. They cannot be overthrown. They can be invited,
but cannot be fired. They can quit a team and take their assets with them to form a new team
or join an existing team.

===Democrat===
A Democrat is much like an Anarchist, except that when a vote is taken for an action or policy,
it becomes binding upon all players of that Democracy team. Anyone not obeying the order or
policy can be fired by vote. All votes are simple majority. There is no leader to overthrow.

























